hey y'all just coming to show you my
Genesis version here I switched the
middle part I mean yeah I switch the
middle part to the side part so I had
him it i made it u part wig so I had a
middle height at first and then I
changed the braid in pattern and then
just constant inside and that sold it
down i sold my edges down as well i also
straighten the hair and flex it flex you
ride it and this is the curl this is um
I've been at school all day so they fell
there a little fluffier earlier but um
yeah this is really really cute and
though the way that I cut the front
layers when I had a middle part it
didn't even affect it having the sad
part so it's not even as nice a little
um swoop right here and here is like
just a few layers on the side but I
didn't really cut too much so this is
what i use this just heat protectant
spray I got this from our beauty supply
while local booze clubs it was 899 it
smells really good and it's not it's not
sticky you know I hit like stinky um
heat protectant spray that smells good
it's my watermelon candy to me um but
it's not stinky and leisure here like
really shiny and manageable I also put
this hourglass argan oil and I saw
fabulasityisme use it and in my hair he
looks so pretty and it does smell super
good I like products that smell really
really good so this is my argan oil I
got this from amazon um amazon i got for
like six dollars but if Sally's there's
only 48 so I got 46 hours with shipping
so is pretty good if I Miley valiant
edges I use this stuff this a slew
hairline edge and control jail I've
talked about this stuff in my other
video this smell this is all this stuff
feel good job I got to get this and
this is a clear I just used a little bit
like that and it's put on my edges and
the lace is there really nicely and it
also smells super good this was 549 at
the same be to supply that I got the
heat protectant spray prom so this hair
holding up well it's been about two and
a half weeks I love it I watching a
bunch not a bunch maybe like five times
I watched it and I straightening the
first time I straightened it I didn't
get the back real cool but I got the
back really well um he's a little piece
I gotta fix it but um this how it looks
in the back y'all have body it's still
pretty um like I said this is like 25
feet so I love this hair to the best
hair that I've ever had ever in my whole
entire life here's my Birds my first
version here too but it's also the best
hands I've had in my life like I wanna
buy it forever from her forever it's
really really awesome um that's it I
know some people asked me to a makeup
tutorial again it's hard to do it on the
max cuz I gotta like pull my eyeball
right here it didn't look well we're
messed up so like I've been trying y'all
I told y'all so try so soon you will see
our makeup tutorial of but yeah all
right but that's it I hope y'all having
a good first week of school like a week
spoon I'm in my second week yeah I hope
you had a good labor day I hate it um
that's it pretty much